---
{"category_name":"medium","problem_code":"KOL1503","problem_name":"The Parenthesis Tree","languages_supported":{"0":"C","1":"CPP14","2":"JAVA"},"max_timelimit":2,"source_sizelimit":50000,"problem_author":"devuy11","problem_tester":null,"date_added":"8-12-2015","tags":{"0":"acm15kol","1":"ancestors","2":"balanced","3":"common","4":"devuy11","5":"lowest","6":"parentheses"},"editorial_url":"http://discuss.codechef.com/problems/KOL1503","time":{"view_start_date":1451123700,"submit_start_date":1451123700,"visible_start_date":1451123700,"end_date":1735669800},"layout":"problem"}
---
<span class="solution-visible-txt">All submissions for this problem are available.</span><p>
Samosa Bhai and Jalebi Bai are taking cooking classes from CodeChef. CodeChef, as the name suggests, is also a coding enthusiast. So he decides to get his pupils interested in coding.</p>
<p>
For this, he takes them both to a strange tree made up of <b>N</b> nodes. Each of these nodes is of one of the following two types — nodes containing open parenthesis <b>‘(’</b> and nodes containing closed parenthesis <b>‘)’</b>. CodeChef asks the students <b>Q</b> queries, where in each query they have to find out if the path between two given nodes is a balanced parentheses string or not. If they solve all the queries, they will get to eat the special Christmas cake made by CodeChef.
</p>
<p>
Samosa Bhai and Jalebi Bai are lazy kids, but they also want to eat the cake. So they ask you for help.
</p>
<p><b>Note:</b> A balanced parentheses string means that each opening parenthesis has a corresponding closing parenthesis and the pairs of parentheses are properly nested.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>The first line contains <b>T</b>, the number of test cases to follow.</p>
<p>Each test case begins with <b>N</b> and <b>Q</b>, the number of nodes in the tree and the number of queries to follow.</p>
<p><b>N-1</b> lines follow. Each line contains 2 space-separated integers, <b>x</b> and <b>y</b>, which denotes that there is an edge between them.</p>
<p>The next line contains <b>N</b> space-separated parentheses. The <b>ith</b> parenthesis denotes the value on the <b>ith</b> node.</p>
<p>The <b>Q</b> queries follow. Each query contains two space-separated integers <b>u</b> and <b>v</b>.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each query, output "<b>Yes</b>" [without quotes] if the path from <b>u</b> to <b>v</b> is a balanced parentheses string and "<b>No</b>" [without quotes] if the path from <b>u</b> to <b>v</b> is not a balanced parentheses string.</p>
<h3>Constraints</h3>
<ul>
<li><b>1</b> ≤ <b>T</b> ≤ <b>1000</b></li>
<li><b>1</b> ≤ <b>N</b> ≤ <b>10<sup>5</sup></b></li>
<li><b>1</b> ≤ <b>Q</b> ≤ <b>3*10<sup>5</sup></b></li>
<li><b>1</b> ≤ <b>Sum of N over all cases</b> ≤ <b>10<sup>5</sup></b></li>
<li><b>1</b> ≤ <b>Sum of Q over all cases</b> ≤ <b>3*10<sup>5</sup></b></li>
</ul>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><b>Input:</b>
1
6 4
1 2
2 5
1 3
3 6
3 4
) ( ) ) ( (
5 3
3 5
2 4
6 2

<b>Output:</b>
Yes
No
No
No

</pre><h3>Explanation</h3>
<p><b>Example case 1.</b> </p>
<ul>
<li><b>Query 1:</b> The path contains (()).</li>
<li><b>Query 2:</b> The path contains ))((.</li>
<li><b>Query 3:</b> The path contains ())).</li>
<li><b>Query 4:</b> The path contains ())(.</li>
</ul>

<p><br /><br />
<b>NOTE:</b> Input files can be large. Please use fast input methods (E.g. scanf in C / C++, BufferedReader in Java)</p>
