---
{"category_name":"medium","problem_code":"KOL1510","problem_name":"The Revenge of Jalebi Bai","languages_supported":{"0":"C","1":"CPP14","2":"JAVA"},"max_timelimit":3,"source_sizelimit":50000,"problem_author":"admin2","problem_tester":null,"date_added":"12-12-2015","tags":{"0":"acm15kol","1":"admin2","2":"backtracking","3":"shortest","4":"supersequence"},"editorial_url":"http://discuss.codechef.com/problems/KOL1510","time":{"view_start_date":1451123700,"submit_start_date":1451123700,"visible_start_date":1451123700,"end_date":1735669800},"layout":"problem"}
---
<span class="solution-visible-txt">All submissions for this problem are available.</span><p>
Jalebi Bai recently met her long time friend Barfi Tai. Instead of entertaining her guest, Barfi Tai kept boasting about her <b>K</b> marvelous necklaces made of black and golden beads. Jalebi Bai felt really jealous of it and decided to exact revenge.
</p>
<p>
She has invited Barfi to visit her home next week. Meanwhile, she is planning to buy a truly beautiful necklace to make Barfi jealous. According to her, a truly beautiful necklace should contain each of Barfi’s necklaces as a <b>subsequence</b> of it. Though still trying to show off, Jalebi Bai is smart and does not want to put a lot of money in it. So she wants to buy a truly beautiful necklace containing the minimum number of beads.
</p>
<p>
She goes to Devu Sunar and asks him to provide her such a necklace. Devu Sunar is busy this week and has asked you to help him in building the necklace. Please help him!
</p>
<h3>Note</h3>
<ul>
<li>
A subsequence is a sequence that can be derived from another sequence by deleting some elements but without changing the order of the remaining elements. For example, the sequence [A,B,D] is a subsequence of [A,B,C,D,E,F].
</li>
<li>
The bead patterns on the necklaces are <b>not</b> considered circular.
</li>
</ul>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>The first line of the input contains an integer <b>T</b> denoting the number of test cases. The description of <b>T</b> test cases is as follows.</p>
<p>The first line of each test case contains an integer <b>K</b> denoting the number of necklaces of Barfi.</p>
<p><b>K</b> lines follow. Each of them contains a string made from the characters ‘B’ (representing black bead) and ‘G’ (representing golden bead), with the <b>i</b><sup>th</sup> line denoting Barfi Tai's <b>i</b>th necklace.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case, output a truly beautiful necklace with the minimum number of beads. If there are more than one such necklace, you are allowed to print any of them.</p>
<h3>Constraints</h3>
<ul>
<li><b>1</b> ≤ <b>T</b> ≤ <b>30</b></li>
<li><b>1</b> ≤ <b>K</b> ≤ <b>16</b></li>
<li><b>1</b> ≤ length of each necklace of Barfi ≤ <b>8</b></li>
</ul>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><b>Input:</b>
3
2
BG
GB
2
BGB
GG
3
BG
GBB
BGB
<b>Output:</b>
BGB
BGGB
BGBB
</pre><h3>Explanation</h3>
<p><b>In the first example</b>,<br />
Devu can give necklace the BGB to Jalebi Bai, as it contains both the Barfi's necklace BG and GB as subsequence.<br />
Note that Devu can also give GBG to Jalebi Bai.
</p>
<p><b>In the second example</b>,<br />
Devu can give the necklace BGGB, as it contains both the Barfi's necklace BGB and GG as subsequence.<br />
Note that there are many other possible truly beautiful necklaces of length 4, that Devu can give, e.g. BGBG or GBGB.<br />
You are allowed to print any of them.
</p>
<p><b>In the third example</b>,<br />
Devu can give the necklace BGBB or GBGB. You are print any of them as your answer.</p>
