---
{"languages_supported":{"0":"NA"},"title":"F1","category":"NA","old_version":true,"problem_code":"F1","tags":{"0":"NA"},"layout":"problem"}
---

<h3> All submissions for this problem are available. </h3><p>A company wants to invest into building a golf course. They could choose the land to build the course from a rectangle area of size MxN. The rectangle area is divided into MxN cells. They measured the elevation of each cell and recorded it into an integer number.</p>
<p>The company decided that the golf course should be a KxK square (K &#8804; min(M,N)). Thus, there are (M-K+1)(N-K+1) possible KxK squares that can be used to build the golf course. For each such square, the company wants to know the highest elevation of a cell inside the square. They also need to know how many cells that have such highest elevations.</p>
<p>Write a program that help the company do the above task.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>The first line contains t, the number of test cases (about 10). Then t test cases follow. Each test case has the following form:</p>
<ul>
<li>The first line contains three integers M, N, K (1 &#8804; M, N &#8804; 500, 1 &#8804; K &#8804; min(M,N) ).</li>
<li>There are M lines follow. Each line contains N nonnegative integers not exceeding 10000. Each integer represents the elevation of a cell.</li>
</ul>
<p>There is a blank line after each test case.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case, in the first line print "Case d:" where d is the number of the test case. Then print M-K+1 lines and in each line print N-K+1 entries. Successive entries should be separated by spaces. The entry in the i<sup>th</sup> line and the j<sup>th</sup> column has the following form:</p>
<ul>
<li>The first number is the highest elevation of a cell in the KxK square whose top left corner is (i,j).</li>
<li>If there is more than one cell in the square that has the highest elevation, print <em>(c)</em>, where c is the number of cells inside the square that have the highest elevation.</li>
</ul>
<p>Print a blank line after each test case.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong>
2
3 3 2
5 5 5
5 5 5
5 5 5

3 3 2
4 2 1
3 5 7
2 8 8

<strong>Output:</strong>
Case 1:
5(4) 5(4) 
5(4) 5(4) 

Case 2:
5 7 
8 8(2) 

</pre>    