---
category_name: easy
problem_code: KOL1506
problem_name: 'Samosa Bhai and his Courier Company'
languages_supported:
    - C
    - CPP14
    - JAVA
max_timelimit: '1.5'
source_sizelimit: '50000'
problem_author: balajiganapath
problem_tester: null
date_added: 9-12-2015
tags:
    - acm15kol
    - balajiganapath
    - binomial
    - dynamic
editorial_url: 'http://discuss.codechef.com/problems/KOL1506'
time:
    view_start_date: 1451123700
    submit_start_date: 1451123700
    visible_start_date: 1451123700
    end_date: 1735669800
    current: 1493558158
layout: problem
---
All submissions for this problem are available.Samosa Bhai got tired of the difficult tasks given by CodeChef along with meagre salary being paid to him. So he moves to Aloo uncle's village and opens a courier company there. In the village, everyone knows Aloo uncle and Kachori Aunty, so everyone sends their gifts using Samosa Bhai's courier company only.

There are **N** houses in a row in the village. On New Year's Eve, each house sends a gift to all the other houses.
The distance between two houses situated at positions **x** and **y** in the row is **|x - y|**. Samosa Bhai's courier company charges **dk** rupees for each delivery, where **d** is the distance between the 2 houses.

Everyone chose Samosa Bhai's company because of Aloo uncle and Kachori aunty. So he decides to give them the amount of money earned by him modulo **1000000007 (109 + 7)**. You need to compute this amount.

### Input

- The first line of input contains an integer **T** denoting the number of test cases. The description of **T** test cases follows.
- The first line of each test case contains 2 integers — **N** and **k** — denoting the number of houses and the exponent **k**, resepctively. The second line contains **N** space-separated integers **A1**, **A2**, … , **AN** denoting the positions of the houses.

### Output

- For each test case, output a single line with the amount given to Aloo uncle and Kachori aunty by Samosa Bhai.

### Constraints

- **1** ≤ **T** ≤ **104**
- **2** ≤ **N** ≤ **105**
- 0 ≤ **k** ≤ **100**
- 0 ≤ **Ai** ≤ **1000000006**
- The sum of **N** over all test cases will be at most **100000**
- 2 houses **can** be at the same position

### Example

<pre><b>Input:</b>
5
2 2
7 2
2 3
7 2
3 2
1 3 2
10 2
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
10 10
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10

<b>Output:</b>
50
250
12
1650
558199159

</pre>### Explanation

**Example case 1.** House 1 sends a gift to House 2 with cost (|2 - 7|)2 and house 2 sends a gift to house 1 with cost (|7-2|)2, for a total cost of 50

**Example case 3.** The cost for gift from house with index 1 to house with index 2 is 22 = 4, from houses 1 to 3 is 1, from houses 2 to 3 is 1. Taking into account the gifts sent the other way (from 2 to 1, 3 to 1 and 3 to 2), the total cost is 4 + 1 + 1 + 4 + 1 + 1 = 12
